      
​
al quran ng,
surah 781,



concerning what are they disputing,

eti kibo kafirizhi egbin dozhi gan kandondo'o,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 782,



concerning the great news,

uyi eti labari na gbo uman wancin sarauyin nan,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 783,



about which they cannot agree,

a' cia fe zanazhie gbomi be dozhi etiubo nan,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 784,



verily they shall soon come to know,

a'a alamari soko yi acin'a ammaa yea be de kpikpe,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 785,



verily verily they shall soon come to know,

gaskiya uyio bele yin yea be de kpikpe,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 786,



have we not made the earth as a wide expanse,

asa ujin yi gata kin cici ya ye para yin'a,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 787,



and the mountains as pegs,

yi'ma'a patizhi kangikini be kagboe yin'a,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 788,



and have we not created you in pairs,

yimma' alitta ye jin eba be yiwo yin'a,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 789,



and made your sleep for rest,

yima ele leye jin cia fe efa ya rayi ye ya'a,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7810,



and made the night as a covering,

yima' yeshi jin cia fe asiri swo ya ye ya'a,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7811,



and made the day as a means of subsistence,

yima yigidi jin cia fe lokaci yangici wa ya ye ya'a,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7812,



and have we not built over you the seven firmaments,

yima' kezhea saman gutwaba tuta fiti yebo be kagbo yin'a,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7813,



and placed therein a light of splendour,

yima yigidi jin wun'a fe haske wangi ya ye ya'a,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7813,



and placed therein a light of splendour,

yima yigidi jin wun'a fe haske wangi ya ye ya'a,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7814,



and do we not send down from the clouds water in abundance,

yima'e du ele na dokun na be ya ye dagan shishi nyan sanma'o,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7815,



that we may produce therewith corn and vegetables,

ebo yii la yangici lati yezhi'u tin'u yau ya ye,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7816,



and gardens of luxurious growth,

ebo cigban to fini lati yezhi ulau gye wangi,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7817,



verily the day of sorting out is a thing appointed,

akika efo egagba efo uyio na yibe lokaciu yin nan,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7818,



the day that the trumpet shall be sounded and ye shall come forth in crowds,

efo uyio na a be busa fi mini kafo'o nan zawangizhi cia fe tinya kabario jama'ajama'azhi,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7819,



and the heavens shall be opened as if there were doors,

aciga sanma kpe u ci ga' sa eko ekozhi,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7820,



and the mountains shall vanish as if they were a mirage,

aciga patizhi to takunzhi la'azhe ke rungba nan,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7821,



truly hell is as a place of ambush,

akika enan jahannaman kata azaba uyio,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7822,



for the transgressors a place of destination,

ya zanazhi e jin lefi soko kpata na emi lecia ga dan'o nan'o,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7823,



they will dwell therein for ages,

ba gabo aman' a fio lokaci nan lokpa sarauyin nan,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7824,



nothing cool shall they taste therein nor any drink,

a ma' awo yekoyeko ndondoa ama'ade nuwan fin'a,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7825,



save a boiling fluid and a fluid dark murky intensely cold,

sai de nuwan yipa be nuwan yan etin nae matswan nan,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7826,



a fitting recompense for them,

egagba nannan wun'a jin dai dai be etun'a yin na'alo yizheo nan,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7827,



for that they used not to fear any account for their deeds,

akia ajin zanazhie jin kauna egagba wangi ya eti ta'acin'a naa,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7828,



but they impudently treated our signs as false,

a maa aya yan soko zhi yi ganmannan da iyaka,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7829,



and all things have we preserved on record,

yandondo ma yi yiu jin lisafi kikaci fi mini takadae bo,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7830,



so taste ye the fruits of your deeds for no increase shall we grant you except in punishment,

efe fin azaba yi ya'a be ye yandondoa sai de azaba,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7831,



verily for the righteous there will be a fulfilment of the hearts desires,

akika egagba yan emawo wun'a jin tabbata ya zanazhi'e sundan soko nan,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7832,



gardens enclosed and grapevines,

ganni be yangici lati zhi nanzhi wancin nan be yangici yan inabi,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7833,



and voluptuous women of equal age,

ganni be inzagi nazhi yi yezun nan,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7834,



and a cup full to the brim,

ganni be kopu nazhia she be nuwan managizhi nan,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7835,



no vanity shall they hear therein nor untruth,

ama'awo egan banza ko ganmanan mini aljana boa,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7836,



recompense from thy lord a gift amply sufficient,

egagba nannan zhi eryatwa yan tsoci wyo uyio,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7837,



from the lord of the heavens and the earth and all between allah most gracious none shall have power to argue with him,

tsoci wuncin ugae kpa samazhio to kin to yan nazhi dan tsakani a bo nan'o etsu yegun uyio efo kiyama ga dabe zandondo kun acin ugan gan'a,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7838,



the day that the spirit and the angels will stand forth in ranks none shall speak except any who is permitted by allah most gracious and he will say what is right,

efo kiyama ga dabe malaika jibrilu to malaikazhi kpata aga' nakin gi gbaro' ade zana'a kpemi gangan' na'a sai dai be izini yan etsu yegun'y uma gaa gangan gboro wun'a gan'o,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7839,



that day will be the sure reality therefore whoso will let him take a straight return to his lord,

efo wuncin ugayi efo gaskiyao zaenindondo nan ula bananu' gwausun etun wangizhi ulo lo nko tsociu,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran al quran ng,
surah 7840,



verily we have warned you of a penalty near the day when man will see the deeds which his hands have sent forth and the unbeliever will say woe unto me would that i were metre dust,

akika yiya jinye gangba nyan azaba natsoatsoba nan efo nan zawangi'a cin le lo yan na egwauzhi la shidzo yau lo alkiyami na kafiri cia gangan kaasa mi re e'gangan jian na a jin mi yin'a,

get it now at google play store,
httpsplaygooglecomstoreappsdetailsidcomnoorlabalquran,

